If I wanted to kill myself I'd climb your ego and jump to your IQ.
Is your ass jealous of the amount of shit that just came out of your mouth?
Roses are red violets are blue, God made me pretty, what happened to you?
It looks like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a hammer.
It's kinda sad watching you attempt to fit your entire vocabulary into a sentence.
You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
I don't exactly hate you, but if you were on fire and I had water, I'd drink it.
Your family tree must be a cactus because everybody on it is a prick.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
I'd like to see things from your point of view but I can't seem to get my head that far up my ass.
So, a thought crossed your mind? Must have been a long and lonely journey. 
Do you wanna lose ten pounds of ugly fat? Cut off your head
If assholes could fly, this place would be an airport!
Well I could agree with you, but then we'd both be wrong.
You are proof that God has a sense of humor.
Shut up, you'll never be the man your mother is.
You look like a before picture.
Shock me, say something intelligent.
Hey, you have somthing on your chin... no, the 3rd one down
Do you still love nature, despite what it did to you?
It's better to let someone think you are an Idiot than to open your mouth and prove it.
Am I getting smart with you? How would you know?
I'll never forget the first time we met, although I'll keep trying.
Everyone who ever loved you was wrong.
You couldn't pour water out of a boot if the instructions were on the heel.
You must have a very low opinion of people if you think they are your equals.
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable -- like a coma.
Are you always an idiot, or just when I'm around?
You are proof that evolution CAN go in reverse.
I've seen people like you, but I had to pay admission!
Did your parents keep the placenta and throw away the baby?
I love what you've done with your hair. How do you get it to come out of the nostrils like that?
You stare at frozen juice cans because they say, "concentrate".
Ordinarily people live and learn. You just live.
Looks like you traded in your neck for an extra chin!
Oh my God, look at you. Was anyone else hurt in the accident?
If your brain exploded, it wouldn't even mess up your hair.
Nice tan, orange is my favorite color.
Don't you need a license to be that ugly?
You do realize makeup isn't going to fix your stupidity?
You may not be the best looking girl here, but beauty is only a light switch away!
Maybe if you ate some of that makeup you could be pretty on the inside.
100,000 sperm, you were the fastest?
It's better to keep your mouth shut and give the 'impression' that you're stupid than to open it and remove all doubt.
You are so stupid, you'd trip over a cordless phone.
I may be fat, but you're ugly, and I can lose weight.
If I were to slap you, it would be considered animal abuse!
What are you doing here? Did someone leave your cage open?
You so ugly when who were born the doctor threw you out the window and the window threw you back!
Aww, it's so cute when you try to talk about things you don't understand.
You're so stupid, it takes you an hour to cook minute rice.
You are so old, your birth-certificate expired.
Learn from your parents' mistakes - use birth control!
Your parents hated you so much you bath toys were an iron and a toaster
Come again when you can't stay quite so long.
You act like your arrogance is a virtue.
You are so old, you fart dust.
I heard you took an IQ test and they said you're results were negative.
Don't feel sad, don't feel blue, Frankenstein was ugly too.
I don't know what makes you so stupid, but it really works!
If a crackhead saw you, he'd think he needs to go on a diet.
If what you don't know can't hurt you, you're invulnerable.
I'd like to help you out. Which way did you come in? 
If you had another brain, it would be lonely.
Your ambition outweighs your relevant skills.
It's too bad stupidity isn't painful.
If you are going to be two faced, at least make one of them pretty.
We all sprang from apes, but you didn't spring far enough.
Jesus loves you, everyone else thinks you're an asshole!
Abe Khajur, Zoo se bhaage hue Langur, abe Sade hue Kele ke Chhilke,Chuse hue Aam, Circus k Retired Bander
dil main basa hai pyar tera , aankhon main basi hai tasweer teri , jab bhi aati hai yaad teri , hum dekhte hain,,, tom & jerry
Have u done two of the most important things when you Wakeup today? 1)Pray, so that u may live… 2)Take a bath-so that others may live too
chand per kaali ghata chathi hogi,staron ko muskarahat ati hogi,tum lakh chupao duniya say mager tumahein akalay mein appni shakal per hansi aati hogi
Being around you is like having a cancer of the soul.
If you spoke your mind, you'd be speechless.
You occasionally stumble over the truth, but you quickly pick yourself up and carry on as if nothing happened.
You're as useless as a screen door on a submarine.
You're as useful as an ashtray on a motorcycle.
When was the last time you could see your whole body in the mirror?
So you've changed your mind, does this one work any better?
Brains aren't everything. In your case they're nothing.
You must think you're strong, but you only smell strong.
If brains were dynamite you wouldn't have enough to blow your nose.
Ever since I saw you in your family tree, I've wanted to cut it down.
If I want your opinion, I'll give it to you.
The best part of you is still running down your old mans leg.
Your dad's condom is a bigger than your personality.
You'll make a great first wife some day.
I look into your eyes and get the feeling someone else is driving.
Are your parents siblings?
Yeah you're pretty, pretty stupid
Beauty is skin deep, but ugly is to the bone.
You're the reason why women earn 75 cents to the dollar.
Your mom must have a really loud bark!
You are depriving some poor village of its idiot.
For those who never forget a face, you are an exception.
Is your name Maple Syrup? It should be, you sap.
You are so old, even your memory is in black and white.
I hear the only place you're ever invited is outside.
Just reminding u there is a very fine line between hobby and mental illness.
Even if you were twice as smart, you'd still be stupid!
You couldn't hit water if you fell out of a boat.
People like you are the reason I work out.
I wish you no harm, but it would have been much better if you had never lived.
When anorexics see you, they think they need to go on a diet.
I thought of you all day today. I was at the zoo.
Please tell me you don't home-school your kids. 
You're stupid because you're blonde.
Everyone's entitled to be stupid but you are abusing the priviledge.
Your face looks like you've been using it as a doorstop
Your face is such a mess, you must stop using it to hammer in nails
Your face is such a mess, why don't you get your dog something different to chew on ?
You've got the perfect weapon against muggers - yer face.
You should learn from your parents mistakes - try using some birth control.
You know when you are really too fat? When you are on the beach and Greenpeace carries you back to the sea.
You get plenty of exercise jumping to conclusions, pushing you luck, beating around the bush, and dodging the issue.
You are so beautiful, sweet and faithful... It is a pity that I do not like animals!!!
You are a prime candidate for natural de-selection.
All day I thought of you....I was at the zoo.
Don't let you mind wander - it's far too small to be let out on its own
Calling you an idiot would be an insult to all the stupid people.
I heard that you were a Ladykiller. They take one look at you and die of shock.
I heard that you went to the haunted house and they offered you a job.
I heard that you changed your mind. So, what did you do with the diaper?

